

Part I

make a directory called first
change directory to the first folder
create a file called person.txt
change the name of person.txt to another.txt
make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
remove the copy.txt file
make a copy of the first folder and call it second
delete the second folder


Part II

What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
	
	man = manual. You can scroll regularly or with arrow keys. "Q" to get out.

Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?

	(The lowercase letter “ell”.) List files in the long format, as described in
             the The Long Format subsection below.

	Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (‘.’). (Important for looking at git files maybe?)


How do you jump between words in the terminal?

	Option/cmd + left/right

How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?

	ctrl + e

How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?

	ctrl + a

How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?

	ctrl + w

What is the difference between a terminal and shell?

	The Shell is the name of the program that runs in the terminal 

What is an absolute path?

	You can change directory via specifying the path starting from the root.

What is an relative path?

	You can change directory RELATIVE to your current location

What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.

	Flags can change and even enhance commands and are added using a - after the command.

What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

	r- Attempt to remove the file hierarchy rooted in each file argument.  The -R
             option implies the -d option.  If the -i option is specified, the user is
             prompted for confirmation before each directory's contents are processed (as
             well as before the attempt is made to remove the directory).  If the user does
             not respond affirmatively, the file hierarchy rooted in that directory is
             skipped.

	f-Attempt to remove the files without prompting for confirmation, regardless of
             the file's permissions.  If the file does not exist, do not display a
             diagnostic message or modify the exit status to reflect an error.  The -f
             option overrides any previous -i options.

	Using both of these combined will delete a directory and all contents it contains